Typos - Plans Pricing section (#10431)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/guides/modules/plans-pricing/pages/plan-overview.adoc

- How many users are on your team
- How much link:https://support.circleci.com/hc/en-us/articles/4415357235995-Support-Plans-Priority-Response-Timings[support] you need (community and free support, standard support, or premium support)
- If you want access to different machine types and resource classes
- If you want a limited or unlimited number of self-hosted runners

> Let's look at how a team might use credits. In this example, your team is divided into several groups working on different projects. Some projects are larger while others are smaller and need fewer resources from a CI/CD configuration. With credits, it is possible to specify exactly where and when you need to maximize machine resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider how a team might use credits. In this example, your team is divided into several groups working on different projects. Some projects are larger while others are smaller and need fewer resources from a CI/CD configuration. With credits, it is possible to specify exactly where and when you need to maximize machine resources.
```
